プログラム名：th123_ai Manager

用途：th123_aiを手軽に実行＆自作AI一発登録


使い方：
・AIManager.exeを起動します。
・探したいAIに応じた絞込みなどをかけます。
・起動したいAIを選択して「起動する」ボタンを押します。
・F10キーを押すか、非想天則を立ち上げます。
・対戦を始めます。
・お楽しみください。
・AIを作れるなら「自作AIを登録する」ボタンから登録してみるのもいいでしょう。

操作方法：
・メインウィンドウ(ノーマルモード)
	AIを単体で起動して遊ぶモードです。
	主に人 vs AIで使うことを想定しています。
	絞込条件：
		表示するAIの条件付けです。
		チェックが入っているキャラクターのみ表示されます。
	リスト表示部分：
		ダブルクリックで詳細画面が表示されます。
		登録日や名称といった項目名をクリックでソートが可能です。
		一番左の空欄：
			○はローカルに最新版がある。
			△はローカルに古い版がある。
			×は未ダウンロード。
		登録日：
			登録された日時です。
		名称：
			AIにつけられた名前です。
		キャラクター：
			AI動作対象とするキャラクターです。
		解説：
			AIの解説です。
	自作AIを登録する：
		AIアップロードダイアログを開きます。
	AIvsAIモードに変える：
		AI同士で対戦させるモードに変えます。
	起動する：
		現在選択中のAIを起動します。
		起動に使用するth123_aiはAIManagerと同じフォルダにあるものが呼ばれます。
	閉じる：
		終了します。
・メインウィンドウ(AIvsAIモード)
	AIを二個同時起動して遊ぶモードです。
	主にAI同士の対戦を見て楽しむ事を想定しています。
	ノーマルモードに変える：
		AI単体と対戦するモードに変えます。
	1Pに登録：
		1P側で動作させるAIを指定します。
		登録後はリスト上部の左側にAI名が表示されます。
	2Pに登録：
		2P側で動作させるAIを指定します。
		登録後はリスト上部の右側にAI名が表示されます。
	起動する：
		現在選択中のAI二つを起動します。
		起動に使用するth123_aiはAIManagerと同じフォルダにあるものが呼ばれます。
	その他：
		メインウィンドウ(ノーマルモード)に準拠します。
・詳細画面
	詳細タブ：
		名称：
			AIにつけられた名前です。
		最終更新日時：
			AIがアップロードされた時間です。
		キャラクター名：
			そのAIが動作するキャラクターです。
		解説：
			AIの解説文章です。
	エラーリポートタブ：
		そのAIをAIManager経由で実行している誰かの環境で起きたエラーの内容が表示されます。
		日時が付いているのを除き、基本的に表示内容は実際にth123_aiでエラーした場合と同じです。
		主にAI作者さんのデバッグに使用されます。
		AI更新時に初期化されます。
・AIアップロード
	対象キャラクター：
		AIが動作するキャラクターを指定します。
		キャラクター単体で無い場合は複数を選択してください。
	識別名：
		一種のパスワードです。
		同じ識別名を指定する事でアップロード後に修正を行うことが出来ます。
		ただし、他人と被るとAIがお互いに上書きされあうなど様々な問題が起こるので出来る限りユニークな文字にしてください。
		4～8字入力が必須です。
	表示名：
		リスト上に表示されるAIの名称です。
		他人と被っても問題なく、文字数制限も特にありません。
	説明：
		詳細画面などで表示されるAIの説明です。
		改行も行えますが反映されるのは詳細表示のみで、一覧上では改行が反映されないので注意してください。
	フォルダ位置：
		サーバーに送信するファイル郡が全て収まっているフォルダを指定します。
		基本的に参照ボタン使用時に自動で入力されるため気にする必要はありません。
	ルートスクリプト名：
		th123_aiから読み込む際に指定するAIスクリプトの本体ファイル名を指定します。
		基本的に参照ボタン使用時に自動で入力されるため気にする必要はありません。
	参照：
		フォルダ位置およびルートスクリプト名を指定するためのファイル選択ダイアログを表示します。
		ここでルートスクリプトを指定する事で、上記に項目が自動で入力されます。
	テスト実行：
		サーバと通信する処理以外を仮想的に行い、正常にAIが動作するかチェックを行います。
		具体的にはzip圧縮、登録情報整形、zip展開、登録情報展開、AIの実行までを行えます。
		この設定で登録して大丈夫なのか不安な場合にどうぞ。
	削除：
		設定された識別名のAIを削除します。
		間違ってアップロードした場合や検証用で用が済んで必要がなくなった場合にどうぞ。
	保存：
		AIPostSetting.glvnというファイル名でAIアップロードに関する設定を保存します。
		保存された設定は次回以降自動で読み込まれます。
	送信：
		設定した内容を元にサーバにAIを登録します。
		何らかの理由により失敗した場合はエラー表示が行われます。
	閉じる：
		AIアップロードダイアログを閉じます。

インストール：
zip展開するだけ

アンインストール：
レジストリもテンポラリファイルも弄っておりません。
フォルダごと削除するだけですっきりさっぱりおさらばできます。

ファイル解説：
AIManager.exe		プログラム本体です。
th123_ai.exe		AIManagerより使用するth123_aiです。　最新版では無い可能性があります。
src			ソースファイルです。
Readme.txt		今読んでいるこれです。
History.txt		更新履歴です。

免責事項：
これに同梱されたプログラムその他が原因で発生したいかなる損害も当方は一切関知しません。
また、全てのプログラムがウイルスではないという証明も、ウイルスに感染していないという証明もありません。
自己責任でお使いください。

Q&A：
	Q:AIは読み込んでいるけどうまくいかない
	A:別途th123_aiのQ&Aを参照してください。

	Q:識別名忘れちゃったんだけど
	A:識別名はサーバ上に一切保存されていません。
	識別名がサーバ側の不備で漏洩することを防ぐ事を意識したためです。
	なので、識別名がわからなくなった場合は諦めて別の識別名を使うことにしてください。

	Q:「外部に通信しようとしています、許可しますか？」的なダイアログ出るんだが
	A:サーバとの通信を行うため、一部セキュリティーソフトを使用している環境では
	起動時、もしくは送信時に上記のようなダイアログを出してユーザーに同意を求めてくる可能性があります。
	ブロックした場合は大部分の機能が使用できません。

	Q:オフラインじゃ使えないの？
	A:オンライン時にダウンロード済みAIに限れば起動や説明文の表示などは可能です。
	その際に必要なのはth123_ai.exe/AIManager.exe/list.glvn/script以下のファイルです。
	なので、オンラインのPCからこれらをコピーしてくれば一切ネットワーク接続せずとも動作させる事が出来ます。
	もちろんAIの登録やエラー内容の登録などといった補助機能は全て動かなくなりますが。

	Q:プロキシ経由じゃなきゃ繋がらない環境なんだけど
	A:プロキシ経由でも動作させる事が可能です。
	IEのインターネットオプション→接続タブ→LANの設定よりプロキシサーバーの項に設定を行ってください。
	ただし、同じダイアログ内にある「自動構成」は本アプリケーションでは認識されません。
	またAIManager単体のみに設定する方法もありません。

	Q:再配布したいんだけど、いい？
	A:構いません。
	ただし下記ライセンスの項の小難しい英文を載せておかないと怒られるかもしれません。
	詳しくはライセンスの項をお読みください。

	Q:その他バグをみつけた or 動作しない or 要望がある
	A:緋想天ツールスレに書き込んでもらえれば、確認次第対応可能であれば対応します。
	どうしても直に伝えたい場合、公開しても問題が無いメールアドレスにて
	下部に記載されたアドレスまでメールをどうぞ。


作者：sweetie
メールアドレス：ｂｎｒｙｘｘ３３２ａ（あっと）ｍａｉｌ.ｇｏｏ．ｎｅ．ｊｐ


ライセンス：
本プログラムはBSD類似ライセンスされたプログラムzlibを使用しています。
{{{
  Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu
}}}
本プログラムはCPLライセンスされたプログラムWindows Template Libraryを使用しています。
{{{
Common Public License Version 1.0

THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.


1. DEFINITIONS 

"Contribution" means:

a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and 

b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:

i) changes to the Program, and

ii) additions to the Program;

where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.

"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program. 

"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.

"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement. 

"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors. 


2. GRANT OF RIGHTS

a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.

b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.

c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.

d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.


3. REQUIREMENTS 

A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that: 

a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

b) its license agreement:

i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose; 

ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits; 

iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and 

iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange. 

When the Program is made available in source code form:

a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and

b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program. 

Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.

Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution. 


4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION 

Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense. 

For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages. 


5. NO WARRANTY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations. 


6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY 

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 


7. GENERAL

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable. 

If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, if Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive. 

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. IBM is the initial Agreement Steward. IBM may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved. 

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.
}}}
それ以外の自作部分ライセンス：
・本ライセンスにおいて、全ての条項は「変更の有無を問わず、明示暗示を問わず、商業慈善を問わず、個人法人を問わず、保持使用を問わず、有料無料を問わず」と装飾されている物として扱う。
・著作権者は本ソフトウェアに関する一切の保障義務をもたない。
・上記条項唯一の例外として、本ライセンスに違反した場合を除いて著作権者から本ソフトウェアに関する一切の法的措置を受ける事が無い事のみ保証される。
・著作権者やその他保持者がこのライセンスの範囲で行う活動に支障が無い範囲であれば何を行っても構わない。
・上記条項の”何を行っても構わない”には本ソフトウェアの製作者を偽っての再配布も含まれる。
・全ての権利の行使において、著作権者への連絡、著作権者やライセンス条項の記載、適用ライセンスなどの制限は一切存在しない。
著作権者名：sweetie


面倒な人向けライセンス3行解説：
zlibとWTLのライセンスをどこかに書いておけば再配布出来ます。
自作部分のライセンスについては記載義務すらありません。
上記二つだけ説明書に放り込んでおくといいでしょう。


スペシャルサンクス：
freelight6	GUI使用感テスト、動作テスト、その他色々
その他、ツールスレおよびAIスレ住民全て


技術情報(と、どうでもいい話)：
glvnの由来：	<>→&gt;&lt;→gl、区切りデータ→SeparatedValues→sv、でglsvとしたつもりが誤字してglvnとしてしまい変えられなくなった。
		なので、glvnはGLVn is Naming mistake of "gt&lt separated values"の略とします。
コンパイル環境はコマンドライン版VC++14.00.50727.762で動作することを確認しています。
